in this, i want to create a singple player game called HighCard.
this game will have casual and ranked (againast ai ofc)
menu screen:
have buttons: Casual, Ranked, Inventory (Coming soon) Tutorial, and then smaler buttons for Settings, Leaderboards (coming soon), and Stats

Game:
Theres 3 types of highcard games we'll do: 1v1, 2v2
Game: each person gets 8 random cars, with 2 "Power-Up" cards given out. The round goes on for 10 rounds, one card played per round, highest card wins the round. Round win = 2 points, round loss = -1 point. Whoever has the most points at the end of all rounds wins the match
1v1 is Player VS AI
2v2 is Player, Ai, vs AI, AI. bit more complex, but it takes the total from one team to determine round winners


when a player queues, ahve a queue screen that searcehs for a game for 3-20 seconds (higher elo = higher wait time), realistic queue
ai usernames will be chosen from two lists:
regular ai, and high ranked ai (no prefix or suffixs)

for ranked:
each gamemode is seperate mmr (meaining i could b 600 mmr in 1v1, but 300 in 2v2 and ffa)
each season lasts a month (starting on the first), for now we'll have a pre-season system, so season 1 starts on September 1, 2025. and the season number increments each month, with the season at the top of the page on th emenu screen (have a countdown in days and hours and minutes for when a new season starts)
Each season, the players ranks get soft reset (like rocket league), and theyll need to place 5 placement matches for each gamemode in ranked, which will determine their starting rank
Ranks: Bronze, Silver, Gold (around 400 ish mmr), Platinum, Diamond, Champion, Grand Champion
Each rank has 3 divisions, expect for Grand Champion (so theres Gold I, II, III, diamond I, II, III, etc)


Season rewards:
we'll have a season reward system. Each time it starts at bronze, they need 10 rakned wins to get to the next season reward, then another 10, up to their current rank. Example: if theyre diamond, highest reward they can get is Diamond until they get to champion and win 10 more times.

ensure to have ui elements to show season rewards, placements, etc

ensurte the site has a dark mode theme
I want this done in html/css/js, do not overocmplicate it.
UI design: modern, techy but appealing to competitive gameplay

